Hi. My name is Chloe.
I am in seventh grade
and I go to Port Elgin Regional school.
I am going to be talking about,
yoga, PBL and my chose,
I chose yoga PBL because you can get
a lot of good benefits from it.
And because,
you can do there's more than just, like,
one way to do yoga.
You can like do stretches, meditate,
journaling
and so much more.
Yoga is good way to start off your day
because,
it just, like, automatically puts me in
like a better mood.
And, since I do it, like, every day with.
And I always do it every day in the gym,
and I'm not doing it by myself.
I always do it with, like,
people around me, like
like some of my good friends and teachers.
And it
has, like, built a better relationship
with all of them because, like, I'm like,
I'm with them every day.
Like always early in the morning
and doing yoga. And.
PBL is good for relationships
with teachers
because, you would see you like,
you see them every day
and it would just grow
like a strong connection
with them because you would have,
you would talk to them.
You would
you just get a lot closer with them
and like, they would be the one teaching
you all this new stuff.
And like, if you ever had problems,
you could always probably go with them
because, like, you grew a better
connection with them and you would.
Yeah.